README.md, before:

# Introduction

This repository contains some example code for Urbit. There are
generators (`dojo` commands) in `dojo/`, libraries in `libs/`, HTML
frontends generated by `%ford` in `ford/`, and full `%gall` applications
in `gall/`.

# Installation

The `%examples` desk on `~wactex-ribmex` contains all the examples in
this repository. To get these examples on your urbit, you can set up a
sync from `~wactex-ribmex` to your own `%examples` desk:

```dojo
|sync %examples ~wactex-ribmex %examples
activated sync from %examples on ~wactex-ribmex to %examples
sync succeeded from %examples on ~wactex-ribmex to %examples
```

Change your current directory to the `%examples` desk:

```dojo
> /=examples=
```

if you want to use a generator:

```dojo
> +hello
"hello, world."
```

or a library:

```dojo
> /+  sorts
> test:sorts
[~[4 5 6 10] ~[4 5 6 10]]
```

(note that there are two spaces between '/+' and 'sorts' in the first line)

Navigate to example `%ford` pages at
http://your-ship.urbit.org/examples/fordn (with the appropriate number
for `n`), or http://localhost:8080/examples/pub/fordn if you're not routed
through `~doznec`. To start example `%gall` apps, use `|start %examples
%name`.

Many of the %gall apps have front ends that can also be found at 
http://YOUR-SHIP.urbit.org/examples/pub/APP-NAME/fab if you're routed
through `~doznec`, or http://localhost:8080/examples/pub/APP-NAME/fab if 
you're not.

# Feedback

We'd love to hear about your experience with these examples. Join us on
`talk`, or contact Henry Ault (henry@tlon.io, ~sivtyv-barnel) with your
feedback.

Commit message:

move examples over to eyre-root /web clay/url structure

README.md, after:

# Introduction

This repository contains some example code for Urbit. There are
generators (`dojo` commands) in `dojo/`, libraries in `libs/`, HTML
frontends generated by `%ford` in `ford/`, and full `%gall` applications
in `gall/`.

# Installation

The `%examples` desk on `~wactex-ribmex` contains all the examples in
this repository. To get these examples on your urbit, you can set up a
sync from `~wactex-ribmex` to your own `%examples` desk:

```dojo
|sync %examples ~wactex-ribmex %examples
activated sync from %examples on ~wactex-ribmex to %examples
sync succeeded from %examples on ~wactex-ribmex to %examples
```

Change your current directory to the `%examples` desk:

```dojo
> /=examples=
```

if you want to use a generator:

```dojo
> +hello
"hello, world."
```

or a library:

```dojo
> /+  sorts
> test:sorts
[~[4 5 6 10] ~[4 5 6 10]]
```

(note that there are two spaces between '/+' and 'sorts' in the first line)

To serve `%ford` pages, run `|serve %examples`, switching the web
server root to `/=examples=/web` instead of the `%home` desk.

The ford examples are accessible at http://your-ship.urbit.org/fordN (with the
appropriate number for `N`), or http://localhost:8080/fordn if you're not routed
through `~doznec`.

To start example `%gall` apps, use `|start %examples %name`.

Many of the %gall apps have front ends that can also be found at
http://YOUR-SHIP.urbit.org/APP-NAME if you're routed through `~doznec`, or
http://localhost:8080/APP-NAME if you're not.

# Feedback

We'd love to hear about your experience with these examples. Join us on
`talk`, or contact Henry Ault (henry@tlon.io, ~sivtyv-barnel) with your
feedback.
